#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.7
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
--find-links https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu116/torch_stable.html

-e file:./
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.8.3
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pooch
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
asynctest==0.13.0
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
audiomentations==0.27.0
    # via birdclef-2023
audioread==3.0.0
    # via librosa
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
black==22.12.0
    # via nb-black
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   soundfile
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   birdclef-2023
    #   black
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   librosa
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via pytest
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.9.0
    # via virtualenv
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2022.11.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
identify==2.5.11
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==5.2.0
    # via
    #   birdclef-2023
    #   click
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   numba
    #   pluggy
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
    #   virtualenv
importlib-resources==5.10.2
    # via jsonschema
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.16.2
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nb-black
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
julius==0.2.7
    # via torch-audiomentations
jupyter-client==7.4.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.23.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
librosa==0.9.2
    # via
    #   audiomentations
    #   birdclef-2023
    #   torch-audiomentations
lightning-utilities==0.5.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
llvmlite==0.39.1
    # via numba
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.3
    # via birdclef-2023
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nb-black @ git+https://github.com/dnanhkhoa/nb_black.git@be0c810503867abc4a5e9d05ba75a16fce57dfee
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nnaudio==0.3.2
    # via birdclef-2023
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.56.4
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   resampy
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   audiomentations
    #   birdclef-2023
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   resampy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   librosa
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pooch
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==1.3.5
    # via birdclef-2023
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.3
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pooch==1.6.0
    # via librosa
pre-commit==2.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via tensorboardx
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py4j==0.10.9.5
    # via pyspark
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via birdclef-2023
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pyspark==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   birdclef-2023
pytest==7.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==1.8.6
    # via birdclef-2023
pytz==2022.7
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytorch-lightning
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pooch
    #   torchvision
resampy==0.4.2
    # via librosa
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via librosa
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   audiomentations
    #   librosa
    #   nnaudio
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soundfile==0.11.0
    # via
    #   birdclef-2023
    #   librosa
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
tensorboardx==2.5.1
    # via pytorch-lightning
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
torch==1.13.1+cu116
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   birdclef-2023
    #   julius
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torch-audiomentations==0.11.0
    # via birdclef-2023
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.2
    # via torch-audiomentations
torch-summary==1.4.5
    # via birdclef-2023
torchaudio==0.13.1+cu116
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
torchmetrics==0.11.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.14.1+cu116
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   birdclef-2023
    #   pytorch-lightning
traitlets==5.8.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typed-ast==1.5.4
    # via black
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   anyio
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   async-timeout
    #   black
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsonschema
    #   kiwisolver
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   platformdirs
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   yarl
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.17.1
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
yarl==1.8.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
